>> Nina Zakharenko: You should have had
this URL by now, get.io/python three,
if you could all please open that up.
>> Nina Zakharenko: They should bring
you to this repository right here.
The solutions for the exercises or
the exercise code is in this folder.
But I'm gonna recommend that
you don't look in there,
unless you really, really need to,
because I think that the best way to learn
Python is to just type it along with me.
And you'll get a lot more value out
of this class if you're typing with
me versus copying and
pasting things from the exercises.
So it's there if you need it,
but try not to peek.
The most important link
here is this first one.
It's the course website.
I recommend going to the GitHub page for
the latest URL because it might be
redeployed somewhere after class.
So if you all could just click through
to that, you'll see the course web page.
The nice thing about this course website,
I've done Frontend Masters
courses before and I made a lot of slides
like hundreds of pages of slides and
they were awesome but
nobody got value from them afterwards.
So the goal of this site
is to be a resource to you.
There's probably a little bit more
information in here than you really need,
but you can always go back and
look at it later, after the class.
You can navigate with the left and
right arrows, which I'll show you,
and I'll tell you a little bit
more about the website soon, but
first a little bit more about me.
>> Nina Zakharenko: My
name is Nina Zakharenko,
I've worked at some companies you
might have heard of, writing software.
I've worked for Reddit, I've worked for
Medap, I've worked for HBO.
These days I work as a Cloud Advocate
at Microsoft, focusing on Python.
If you want to stay in touch
at the end of the class,
I have a few links here for you.
I'm pretty active on Twitter,
you can find me on LinkedIn, or
you can follow me on GitHub
where you saw the code.
I also have a few other Front End Masters
courses, Get In-Depth is my favorite one.
And after the class if you'd like to
you can watch some of my Python related
conference talks.
There are links here at the bottom.
Okay, navigating this course.
You'll see,
he bumped the size up a little bit.
You'll see here as I've been navigating
that these blue check marks have appeared.
Those will tell you which pages you
visited and which you have not.
If you'd like to clear that, there is a
button at the very bottom, Clear history.
To copy code, all you have to
do is click on this little icon.
This blue icon right here,
let's just copy to clipboard.
And it should copy that code for you.
As we're going to go through
some code in the REPL,
you'll see some control characters.
The nice thing about this copy and paste
is it'll copy the code without the control
characters so
you can just paste it right in.
If you feel like maybe you're
getting a little bit behind,
that's a great way of
copying things piecemeal.
The whole course is searchable via
the search bar on the top left here.
So if I type pap8 you'll see all
the sections that mention that.
You can navigate via the left and
right arrows where you can just head
left and right on the keyboard.
There are also breadcrumbs between
each titles, so here on the top bar.
You'll see if i mouse over
that table of contents,
it will let me quick
through to any section.
Lastly, sometimes will be
additional instructions where
solutions exercises will
be in a collapsed section.
So to expand it so just look for
an arrow that looks like this, and
the course information is pretty heavy,
links and
additions formations I really recommend
that you follow the links after the class.
As a source of additional information so
that you don't get distracted
from the important material.